Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to editorial on this course on Ruby and in this area.
We are going to be covering one more function on range.
That is the member function.
The member is an invalid method in Ruby that returns a boolean value.
True of the given object lies within the given range of it is going to return false.
Then it has a very simple syntax.
You have to just write in the ranch dot member a question mark and in the bracket it is going to accept
one parameter, which is going to be the object which you have to check for.
So let's see a very simple example of member function.
So let's move on to Adam and and here we are going to see a very simple example.
So, as usual, we are going to define a range from zero to nine and we are going to have a variable,
let's say S. And we are going to write in range.
Don't remember a question mark.
And let's say we want to check for five.
Just right in votes as well here on this, and it is going to return true, as you can see, that it
works in the very same fashion as they include function.
So this is the second rail how to check if a certain number exists between a certain range or not.
For example, if you just ride in, let's say Denis O'Hare underscored as simple as that, it is going
to return false.
So this works the very same way as the include function.
And this is basically the second way to check if a number exists between a certain range or not.
So I guess that's what the story is.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.